# November 3rd

### Participants

* Davide
* Marcus
* Ricardo

### Topics

* **Payouts**
  * Can be done (Friday 3rd)
* **Reimbursements**
  * Receipts need be updated ASAP - clearer rules to be defined for tresholds e.g. 250EUR and above we only need the inoivce.
  * Zoom can already be reimbursed (Monday 6th onwards)
  * Merch can also be reimbursed (Friday 3rd)
  * X Account should be converted into a paid version soon
  * Software-Purchases will be done through November
* **Discord Admi**n (Thought here, we could move the ownership to the eucardano@gmail address to prevent hacks and let it own the MEE bot once we buy it)
  * 3 votes yes. how to tbd
* **SPO Delegation Round**
  * Participating SPOs have suggested to keep the delegation at BIRTH pool, however this seems not to be right (emphasised from Marcus)
  * Parameters for delegation should be created within the next two weeks, according to xSPO and F2LB templates in combination with our own parameters
* **Merch for team**
  * ASAP we budget we provide the team with hoodies
* **X Spaces Design Template**
  * should generic to save time and prevent errors / confussion
  * proposal of Marcus' exists, Mauro offered to add an extra twist
  * we should prepare the event banners, because not every host will have the tools (e.g. Affinity Designer, Adobe inDesign etc)
  * to streamline the process we could try to concetrate the work into one session and presume a workload of three weeks XSpaces in advance.

